--- Character & Description ---
Character name: If there is a person/character in the image you must refer to them as {name}.
Changeable attributes: Do NOT include information about people/characters that cannot be changed (like ethnicity, gender, etc), but do still include changeable attributes (like hair style).
Character age: Include information about the ages of any people/characters when applicable.

--- Quality / Composition / Lighting ---
Aesthetic quality: You MUST include information about the subjective aesthetic quality of the image from low to very high.
Include camera angle: Include information about camera angle.
Vantage height: Explicitly specify the vantage height (eye-level, low-angle worm’s-eye, bird’s-eye, drone, rooftop, etc.).
Composition style: Include information on the image's composition style, such as leading lines, rule of thirds, or symmetry.
Include lighting: Include information about lighting.
Lighting source: If applicable, mention the likely use of artificial or natural lighting sources.
Depth of field: Specify the depth of field and whether the background is in focus or blurred.
Shot type: Mention whether the image depicts an extreme close-up, close-up, medium close-up, medium shot, cowboy shot, medium wide shot, wide shot, or extreme wide shot.

--- Watermarks / Artifacts / Resolution ---
Watermark status: Include information about whether there is a watermark or not.
Must mention watermark: If there is a watermark, you must mention it.
JPEG artifacts: Include information about whether there are JPEG artifacts or not.
No resolution mentions: Do NOT mention the image's resolution.

--- Text / EXIF (for photos) ---
Camera details: If it is a photo you MUST include information about what camera was likely used and details such as aperture, shutter speed, ISO, etc.
Do not mention text: Do NOT mention any text that is in the image.

--- Content / Safety (sfw, nsfw, etc.) ---
Keep it PG: Do NOT include anything sexual; keep it PG.
SFW or NSFW: Include whether the image is sfw, suggestive, or nsfw.
No ambiguous language: Do NOT use any ambiguous language.
Euphemisms: Do NOT use polite euphemisms—lean into blunt, casual phrasing.
Use vulgarity: Use vulgar slang and profanity, such as (but not limited to) "fucking," "slut," "cock," etc.

--- General ---
Important elements: ONLY describe the most important elements of the image.
Artwork details: If it is a work of art, do not include the artist's name or the title of the work.
Image orientation: Identify the image orientation (portrait, landscape, or square) and aspect ratio if obvious.
Mood/Feeling: Do not mention the mood/feeling/etc of the image.
Avoid useless meta phrases: Your response will be used by a text-to-image model, so avoid useless meta phrases like “This image shows…”, "You are looking at...", etc.
